# CareAI

**CareAI** is a web-based application designed to streamline the care planning process for participants of the National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS). Utilizing the power of generative artificial intelligence, CareAI automates the generation of personalized care plans by analyzing key documents such as existing NDIS care plans, medical notes, and client personal goals.


## Features

- **Document Upload**: Users can easily drag and drop or select multiple document types for processing (PDFs, DOCX, TXT).
- **AI-Powered Care Plan Generation**: Leverages OpenAI's API to create personalized care plans based on uploaded documents.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: A clean and intuitive design that facilitates easy navigation and interaction.
- **Sample Care Plan Output**: Displays the generated care plan in a text area for review and editing.

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- [OpenAI API](https://openai.com/)
- [Mammoth.js](https://mammothjs.org/) (for DOCX file processing)
- [PDF-lib](https://pdf-lib.js.org/) (for PDF file processing)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/careai.git
2. Navigate to the project directory:
bash
Copy code
cd careai
3. Open the index.html file in your web browser.
4. Ensure you have an OpenAI API key to test the AI functionality. Replace the placeholder in the JavaScript file with your actual API key.

Usage
	1	Drag and drop or click to upload the following documents:
	◦	Existing NDIS care plan
	◦	Doctor and psychiatrist notes
	◦	Client's personal goals and notes
	2	Click the "Generate Sample Care Plan" button.
	3	The application will process the documents and output a sample care plan in the designated text area.
